[Music]
afterward Moses and Aaron went in and
told Pharaoh thus says the Lord God of
Israel let my people go that they may
hold a feast to me in the wilderness who
is the Lord that I should obey his voice
to let Israel go I do not know the Lord
nor will I let Israel go the God of the
Hebrews has met with us please let us go
three days journey into the desert and
sacrifice to the Lord our God lest he
fall upon us with pestilence or with the
sword Moses and Aaron's why do you take
the people from their work get back to
your labor
look the people of the land are many now
and you make them rest from their labor
so the same day Pharaoh commanded the
task masters of the people and their
officers you should no longer give the
people straw to make brick as before let
them go and gather straw for themselves
and you shall lay on them the quarter of
bricks which they made before you should
not reduce it for they are idle
therefore they cry out saying let us go
and sacrificed or God let more work be
laid on the men that they may labor in
it and let them not regard false words
and the taskmasters of the people and
their officers went out and spoke to the
people thus says Pharaoh I will not give
you strong go get yourselves straw where
you can find it yet none of your work
will be reduced so the people were
scattered abroad throughout all the land
of Egypt to gather stubble instead of
straw and the taskmasters forced them to
hurry
fulfill your work your daily quota as
when there was strong also the offices
of the children of Israel whom Pharaohs
taskmasters had set over them were
beaten and were asked why have you not
fulfilled your task in making quick both
yesterday and today as before then the
offices of the children of Israel came
and cried out to Pharaoh saying why are
you dealing thus with your servants
there is no straw given to your servants
and they say to us make brick and indeed
your servants are beaten but the fault
is in your own people you are idle
I thought therefore you say let us go
and sacrifice to the Lord therefore go
now and work
I was straw shall be given you yeah you
shall deliver and a quarter of bricks
and the officers of the children of
Israel saw that they were in trouble
after was said you shall not reduce any
bricks from your daily quota then as
they came out from Pharaoh they met
Moses and Aaron who stood there to meet
them and they said to them let the Lord
look on you and judge because you have
made us abhorrent in the sight of
Pharaoh and in the sight of his servants
to put a sword in their hand to kill us
so Moses returned to the Lord Lord why
have you brought trouble on this people
why is it you have sent me for since I
came to Pharaoh to speak in your name he
has done evil to this people neither
have you delivered your people at all
[Music]